Identity Pitch.

Hi,
How many of us know somebody suffering from Alzheimers or Dementia?

As you know, Alzheimers is a deadly disease where people experience gradual and steady loss of memory.

People with Alzheimers struggle with creating new memories and may end up in a precarious situation where they don't remember where they are, or what they ate for breakfast.

At its serious state, a patient may not even recognize their own care givers... 

In America, there are more than 5 million patients with Alzheimers and it is one of the leading causes of death.

Every 68 seconds someone develops AZ.

The news is grim. There is no cure for AZ. The only solution is improving their quality of life and that responsibility falls mostly on caregivers. However, caring for AZ patients is one of the most stressful jobs in the world.

--> put an example

Can technology help both patients and caregivers?

I believe Yes. We are at a point where wearable technologies combined with Internet can potentially offset the memory loss of patients.

My idea is a wearable information device called "Identity" which learns everything that the patient does, and pro-actively provides reminders and information to the patient. identity can also connect with external services to handle emergencies, notify caregivers or medical staff.


We can build it using existing platforms such as Pebble or Gear combined with APIs provided by ATT.

We are looking for developers with expeirence in Mobile developement and user interface designers.

Identity is going to be an extension of a person's memory. When Alzhiermers patiens struggle with recollectin, Identity will be their helping hand.

Identity is going to be their crutch that they can lean on.

Let's go and build it for the millions suffering from Alzheimers.

Features:

Situational Awareness:

	Location, date time
	Reminders about medication, food
	Timed voiding alert


	Contact caregivers - serial contact based on availability

	Geo-fencing - Moving in and out of a geographical area


	Physical exercise alert.
	Weather alert.

	Fall prevention.

	Illumination in the dark room

	Carbon monoxide detection

	Monitoring vital signs - send an SMS

	Sleep reminders

	Alert caregiver if they are sleepless

	Remote monitoring
		reports	

	

